dphil-data-tools
================

This is a collection of python script I have written to help analysis data from my DPhil. Most of this will be rather specific, but may serve as an example of how to use matplotlib, numpy, etc.

Brief Descriptions
==================

* `plot.py`: plots generic 2 column data files.
* `F410_plot.py`: plots data generated by my F410 control script.
* `stats.py`: displays and returns basic statistics.
* `analyse_psf.py`: given a Point Spread Function (PSF), determines the FWHM and the location of the peak.

License
=======

This software is licensed under the MIT license:

The MIT License (MIT)
=====================
Copyright (c) 2013 Shuning Bian

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


